Bag Development Checklist
1. There should be confirmation that an item is added to the cart.
4. The other box is for gift codes. Do they want the functionality for gift codes?
5. If we remove the 'Update Basket' button, then there's no way to update the basket if we change the quantity.

Checkout Checklist

PDP Page Checklist
2. Product Image is already big...
3. This takes an absurdly long amount of time and it runs the risk of breaking functionality. Also, you can't edit a 'select' menu like that.

Category Landing Page
- Adding size filters is a lot trickier than expected. Need to use an AJAX plugin.



Homepage

1. Bag icon different

2. Free shipping tab missing

3. Bottom of Birdsong logo should sit level with nav cateories

4. Please can Birdsong logo sit more to the left and bag and search icon sit more to the right so these are at the edge of the screen?

5. Stroke on search icon too thick - please use my design

6. Nav font looks a little different to the Relative in my design - please can you check this?

7. Can carousel fit height of screen? Currently I can't see the bottom of the carousel.

8. Too many image blocks under carousel. Please can this reduced down to 5 on desktop like in the design? Images should line up at the bottom.

9. CTA in Find Out More about Our Makers has a stroke underneath. Please remove this and make buttons the same size as on the design.

10. The footer categories should only go across one line - there are 6 options - please follow the design.

11. Font in footer looks strange too. Please can you check this?

12. Can footer categories start closer to the left edge of the page

13. Please make 'your email address here' smaller

14. Drop down nav - categories look squashed - typography looks strange. Please add a touch more spacing between categories.


15. Nav dropdown should fill screen

16. Pinterest icon should not be in a circle - please match with design

17. Facebook icon needs to be smaller. All icons should be the same height as per design.

18. Add gutter to live text in "pussy power" so more white space around text

19. Make CTA rollover coral stroke with white background




Category landing page


1. Filter needs to change

2. Please reduce size of breadcrumb

3. Remove "select options" under products

4. Make font weight of description and price the same. Also make the font size smaller.

5. Is it possible for product images to come further to the edge of the screen and so become larger? The gutters down the sides are quite thick.

6. Please can products rollover to show second image

7. Please can "load more" button match styling of button in the design (black stroke)

8. Remove outline from product when clicking on it


PDP

1. Make breadcrumb font smaller and please remove the product description

2. Product image should be larger

3. Please style up size and quantity drop downs as per design and remove "clear"

4. Too much line spacing within product description copy. Please reduce this.

5. Need to create carousel functionality

6. Need to add Description / Additional Information / reviews

7. Need to add icons

8. Need to add related products

9. CTA should read "add to bag" 

10. Reduce length of CTA (and remove underline)

11. Button didn't change when pressing "add to bag"

12. Number doesn't appear or bag drop down doesn't appear under bag



Bag

1. Remove green banner at top. This message shouldn't appear.

2. Reduce size of gutters so content sits more flush to the edge.

3. Info in basket should be in regular font weight

4. There should just be one entry box "apply discount code". Please match design.

5. Remove "update basket"

6. "X' in basket is too thick. Please add "Remove" above this

7. Info such as price in basket doesn't sit neatly under the title. Please can prices be centred under price" and "total"

8. Please remove breadcrumb from this page

9. CTA should line up against edges of 'subtotal' "shipping' and 'total'

10. "Continue shopping" and "add discount code" should be in regular weight


Checkout sign in page - missing

Checkout

1. Remove blue boxes

2. Category headers should be in regular weight

3. Boxes / layout doesn't match up with design - looks clunk. Please can this be refined?

4. Remove credit or debit card and stripe info. It should just be "proceed to payment"

5. Image of product doesn't appear in bag, can this be added?